Intuition
Idea: What if all the numbers are prime numbers? Then the player A won't be able to pick a number so player A loses. What if there is only single number which is a composite number? Then the player A will pick that number and replaces the number with the prime factor and then player A wins. What if there are two composite numbers? Let the count of prime factors of two numbers be p1 and p2. Then the problem is divided into two parts. What if p1 and p2 are equal? In optimal play player A will loose at any cost because the player B will follow the same play as A. If player B reduces the number by 1 prime factor then the player B does the same. From below example we can understand clear.
Let the numbers be 16 and 81. These 2 numbers have same number of prime factors that is 4. If player A takes away 2 prime factors and make the number 81 to 9 then the player B also does the same and changes the number 16 to 4. So player B follows the player A. So at any cost the player A looses in this case.
What if p1 and p2 are not equal? Player A will choose the number which have more prime factors and remove enough factors to match the number of factors of other number and now the chance is turned to player B and now it turns out to be the same case as above only thing is now player B will be starting the game. So Player A will win in this case.
Now extending this idea we mainly focuses on the number of prime factors of each number. If two numbers have same equal number of prime factors they cancel out each other. At last if we have at least 2 not equal number of prime factors then Player A will win otherwise Player B will win the game.

Implementation
Step 1: To calculate the number of prime factors of each number we can run a loop for each number and check for each number from 2 to 1000 how many prime factors each have by just checking number of times it is divisible by that number.
Step 2: After finding the number of prime factors of each number we will store in an array and we will find the XOR value of all the numbers which we stored.
Step 3: If the XOR value is zero that means there are no at least 2 numbers which have different count of prime factors.
Step 4: If the XOR is value is not zero then Player A wins otherwise Player B wins. 

Complexity
Time Complexity We need to iterate for each number and count all the prime factors for each number from 2 to 1000. So the complexity is O(N2).
Space Complexity We need to store the count of prime factors of N numbers so the complexity is O(N).
